
#情感分析
!pip install transformers datasets

from transformers import pipeline
classifier = pipeline("sentiment-analysis")
classifier("so hard")
-----------------------
#文本分析
generator = pipeline("text-generation")

generator("I would tell you a story.")

---------------------------
#問答
qa=pipeline("question-answering")
context="""
When did people first experience the joy of the hula hoop? Although the term did not emerge until the
18th century, toy hoops twirled around the waist, limbs, or neck can be traced back to ancient times. As early
as 1000 BC, Egyptian children played with hoop toys of dried grapevine. They threw, jumped, and slung
them around their bodies as we do today. They also struck them with sticks to roll them down the road.
Hoop rolling was also popular in ancient Greece. Their hoops, often made of metal, were not merely toys
for Greek children but served as exercise devices as well.
In the 14th century, hoops were popular as a form of recreation in Great Britain. The craze for hoops
even resulted in dislocated backs and heart attacks, according to medical records. The term “hula,” however,
did not enter the English language until the 1700s, when British sailors first witnessed hula dancing in the
Hawaiian Islands. Though no hoops were used, the movements of the ritual dances looked very similar to
those in hooping. Thus “hula” and “hoop” came together, resulting in the term “hula hooping.”
Hoops spun their way through the cultures of pre-colonial America as well. Often considered as
representing the circle of life, hoops featured prominently in the ritual dances of Native Americans. Dancers
used small reed hoops as symbolic representations of animals such as eagles or snakes. With very rapid
movements, they used the hoops to construct the symbolic forms around their bodies.
The hula hoop gained international popularity in the late 1950s, when a plastic version was
successfully marketed by California’s Wham-O toy company. Twenty-five million plastic hoops were sold
in less than four months. The hula hoop “fad” is still going strong today.
"""
question = "According to the passage, what materials have been used for making hoops?"
qa(question , context)


----------------------------------------------------------

#配合hugging face 網址https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5zDXah1bdA的18:38


from transformers import AutoModelForSequenceClassification , AutoTokenizer
model =AutoModelForSequenceClassification.from_pretrained("IDEA-CCNL/Erlangshen-Roberta-110M-Sentiment")
tokenizer =AutoTokenizer.from_pretrained("IDEA-CCNL/Erlangshen-Roberta-110M-Sentiment")

from transformers import pipeline
classifier = pipeline("sentiment-analysis",model=model , tokenizer=tokenizer)

classifier("程式設計讓我要瘋了嗚嗚嗚")
